They were just sucked into space. Damage report! Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing? I think you've let your personal feelings cloud your judgement. and attack the Romulans. Your head is not an artifact! I can't. As much as I care about you, my first duty is to the ship. This is not about revenge. This is about justice. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. You bet I'm agitated! I may be surrounded by insanity, but I am not insane. I've had twelve years to think about it. And if I had it to do over again, I would have grabbed the phaser and pointed it at you instead of them. Well, that's certainly good to know. And blowing into maximum warp speed, you appeared for an instant to be in two places at once. The unexpected is our normal routine. A lot of things can change in twelve years, Admiral. 

Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a little frayed on the ship lately? Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself. Wouldn't that bring about chaos? Could someone survive inside a transporter buffer for 75 years? For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others. When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. Now, how the hell do we defeat an enemy that knows us better than we know ourselves? But the probability of making a six is no greater than that of rolling a seven. A surprise party? Mr. Worf, I hate surprise parties. I would *never* do that to you. Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise. Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. I guess it's better to be lucky than good. Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'? We finished our first sensor sweep of the neutral zone. Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data?
